feat(i18n): disable redirect to default language (#9638)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cyan-grapes-suffer.md

---
"astro": minor
---

> Adds a new property inside `i18n.routing`, called `redirectToDefaultLocale`.
> 
> When `false`, Astro doesn't do a redirect from `/` to `/<defaultLocale>`. This option comes into play only
> when `prefixDefaultLocale` is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Adds a new `i18n.routing` config option `redirectToDefaultLocale` to disable automatic redirects of the root URL (`/`) to the default locale when `prefixDefaultLocale: true` is set.

In projects where every route, including the default locale, is prefixed with `/[locale]/` path, this property allows you to control whether or not `src/pages/index.astro` should automatically redirect your site visitors from `/` to `/[defaultLocale]`.

You can now opt out of this automatic redirection by setting `redirectToDefaultLocale: false`:
```
What do you think about something like this, @ematipico ? (Also see my comments in the docs PR to explain some of my choices)

Author: Awesome!

---
"astro": minor
---

Adds a new `i18n.routing` config option `redirectToDefaultLocale` to disable automatic redirects of the root URL (`/`) to the default locale when `prefixDefaultLocale: true` is set.

> In projects where every route, including the default locale, is prefixed with `/[locale]/` path, this property allows you to control whether or not `src/pages/index.astro` should automatically redirect your site visitors from `/` to `/[defaultLocale]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In projects where every route, including the default locale, is prefixed with a `/[locale]/` path, this property allows you to control whether or not `src/pages/index.astro` should automatically redirect your site visitors from `/` to `/[defaultLocale]`.
```
Sorry, my original typo!
